[CONTP-902] Implement datadog_csi_driver check (#21151)
DataDog/integrations-core: datadog_csi_driver/README.md

# Agent Check: datadog_csi_driver

## Overview

This check monitors [datadog_csi_driver][1] through the Datadog Agent. 

Include a high level overview of what this integration does:
- What does your product do (in 1-2 sentences)?
- What value will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
- What specific data will your integration monitor, and what's the value of that data?

> 

Reviewer: Can you answer these questions for this section so customers can understand the benefit of this integration? For example:

>The Datadog CSI Driver integration collects and monitors metrics from your CSI Driver deployments, providing visibility into publish/unpublish requests and pod health for improved troubleshooting and performance monitoring.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][3] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

The datadog_csi_driver check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package.
No additional installation is needed on your server.

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `datadog_csi_driver.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your datadog_csi_driver performance data. See the [sample datadog_csi_driver.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `datadog_csi_driver.d/conf.yaml` file, located in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your datadog_csi_driver performance data. See the [sample datadog_csi_driver.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.
```

2. [Restart the Agent][5].

### Validation

> [Run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and look for `datadog_csi_driver` under the Checks section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and verify that `datadog_csi_driver` appears under the Checks section.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][7] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

> The datadog_csi_driver integration does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration does not include any events.
```

### Service Checks

> The datadog_csi_driver integration does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration does not include any service checks.
```

Author: sn't the health check a service check ?

=== Service Checks ===
  CHECK                                  HOSTNAME     TIMESTAMP   STATUS  MESSAGE  TAGS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  datadog.csi_driver.openmetrics.health  kind-worker  1756300884  OK               endpoint:http://10.244.1.29:5000/metrics, image_id:docker.io/datadog/csi-driver@sha256:fe7aefd6618b032014bbd8c96bf8dd15a2cb62dd75c50703e7c92868508ebcee, image_name:datadog/csi-driver, image_tag:1.0.0, kube_container_name:csi-node-driver, kube_daemon_set:datadog-csi-driver-node-server, kube_namespace:default, kube_ownerref_kind:daemonset, kube_qos:BestEffort, pod_phase:running, short_image:csi-driver  
  datadog.csi_driver.openmetrics.health  kind-worker  1756300885  OK               endpoint:http://10.244.1.29:5000/metrics, image_id:docker.io/datadog/csi-driver@sha256:fe7aefd6618b032014bbd8c96bf8dd15a2cb62dd75c50703e7c92868508ebcee, image_name:datadog/csi-driver, image_tag:1.0.0, kube_container_name:csi-node-driver, kube_daemon_set:datadog-csi-driver-node-server, kube_namespace:default, kube_ownerref_kind:daemonset, kube_qos:BestEffort, pod_phase:running, short_image:csi-driver

> See [service_checks.json][8] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Since there are no service checks.
